*Visual Studio has an advantage when it comes to programming. This IDE is mostly used by corporate programmers
to produce .NET code. Sometimes people want to try the product without investing thousands of dollars first,
so Microsoft has the Express editions for all of their products. This makes it perfect for casual users that 
want to hack out some code as a hobby or programmers who need a free solution to code in C#.

*Eclipse is the best alternative if you are not a big fan of Microsoft’s Visual Studio. The interface is a lot
cleaner and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that are possible to use extend past the .Net Framework.
Besides being the number on way to develop Android applications via the Android SDK, it is fully extensible to use
languages such as Ruby, C, C++ and many many more.

*NetBeans is one alternative to Eclipse. This program is extensible and free, and it compiles code which is a bonus.
When installing Netbeans it comes with a Java server called GlassFish that you could deploy on your computer for your
testing environment. This server is the second biggest server for Java next to WebSphere.

*PHPEdit is a pretty good PHP IDE.It offers the debugging (even a Firefox debugging plug-in) and database support
(easy query building and data visualizing) that you would expect, along with time-saving keyboard templates that
allow you to quickly set up your PHP code structure. With PHPEdit, it's pretty easy to connect to a server and use
all the features, including auto-suggestion and -completion, with remote files: PHPEdit takes care of all the
downloading and uploading for you.

*Code::Blocks is a free, open source cross-platform IDE which supports multiple compilers including GCC, Clang
and Visual C++. It is developed in C++ using wxWidgets as the GUI toolkit. Using a plugin architecture, its
capabilities and features are defined by the provided plugins. Currently, Code::Blocks is oriented towards C,
C++, and Fortran. It has a custom build system and optional Make support.