*Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language developed by Sun Microsystems in the 1990s.
It's one of the most in-demand programming languages, a standard for enterprise software, web-based content,
games and mobile apps, as well as the Android operating system. Java is designed to work across multiple
software platforms, meaning a program written on Mac OS X, for example, could also run on Windows.
Both C# and Java drew from the C/C++ (and Objective C, and others) to define their syntax. And both of them
are compiled to an intermediate language.

*Python is a high-level, server-side scripting language for websites and mobile apps. It's considered
a fairly easy language for beginners due to its readability and compact syntax, meaning developers can
use fewer lines of code to express a concept than they would in other languages. The biggest difference between 
Python and C# is that Python is interpreted language whereas C# is compiled into CIL(Common Intermediate Language).

*C++ is a general-purpose programming language with high-level and low-level capabilities. It is a statically typed,
free-form, multi-paradigm, usually compiled language supporting procedural programming, data abstraction,
object-oriented programming, and generic programming. C# is firmly planted in the C and C++ family tree of languages,
and will immediately be familiar to C and C++ programmers. C# aims to combine the high productivity of Visual Basic
and the raw power of C++.

*JavaScript is a client and server-side scripting language developed by Netscape that derives much of its syntax from C.
It can be used across multiple web browsers and is considered essential for developing interactive or animated
web functions. It is also used in game development and writing desktop applications. C# and JavaScript are based on
ECMA standard. C# has classes that are more obvious, seems to only be supported in the .NET stack. Javascript is
"everywhere" (mostly in the browser, but it's being run on servers, and is often used as a scripting language for games).

*Objective-C is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language used by the Apple operating system.
C# is rather clever in that particular classes work with the syntax, such as for iterators.  Objective C is much more
of an old-fashioned language with classical linking. C# has an enormous class library, which is rather sloppy.
Objective C has a small but tightly designed and powerful class library.C# and Objective C, along with their libraries,
encourage rather different kinds of programming.  I call these "class oriented" and "object oriented" programming.

